updated the tutorial page and removed the obsolete link (#42501)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/tutorials/configuration/configure-java-microservice/configure-java-microservice.md

3. **Java development environment set up on your local machine**

   Ensure you have Java installed. You can check by running `java -version` in your 
   terminal. If not installed, you can refer to the official website of the 
   [OpenJDK](https://openjdk.java.net/).

Now that you have the prerequisites in place, let's proceed with the tutorial.

## Creating Kubernetes ConfigMaps & Secrets

There are several ways to set environment variables for a container in Kubernetes. 
In this tutorial section, you'll explore how to use ConfigMaps and Secrets to manage
your microservice's environment variables.

### ConfigMaps: Storing Non-Sensitive Data

ConfigMaps are perfect for storing non-sensitive configuration data that can be 
shared across multiple containers. They are Kubernetes API Objects that store 
non-confidential key-value pairs.

#### Step 1: Create a ConfigMap

To get started, let's create a ConfigMap to store your microservice's application name. 
Follow these steps:

1. Open a text editor of your choice.

2. Create a new file with a `.yaml` extension, for example, `myapp-configmap.yaml`.

3. Write the following content into the `myapp-configmap.yaml` file:

>     ```yaml
>         apiVersion: v1
>         kind: ConfigMap
>         metadata:
>           name: myapp-config

Reviewer: Please adjust the indentation accordingly. For numbered list, always indent the text and the enclosed paragraphs by 3 spaces. Avoiding 4-space indentation is important because indentation by 4 spaces is treated automatically by the markdown parser as code snippet. We want explicit markups for code snippets rather than this kind of implicit styling.

```suggestion
   ```yaml
   apiVersion: v1
   kind: ConfigMap
   metadata:
     name: myapp-config
```

Author: Hi @tengqm firstly sorry for the late reply on this PR due to exam preparation and work. I have made changes suggested by you and @sftim. Please do let me know if something else is required.
I also tried replacing code snippet with code shortcode as suggested by @sftim but there was netlify check issues with msg "non-zero exit code-2". So, I reverted back the code shortcode.

<!-- overview -->

In this tutorial you will learn how and why to externalize your microservice’s configuration.

> Specifically, you will learn how to use Kubernetes ConfigMaps and Secrets to set environment variables and then consume them using MicroProfile Config.

Reviewer 2: Please retain the source line wrapping.

   Ensure you have Java installed. You can check by running `java -version` in your terminal. If not installed, follow these steps:

   - **Mac**:

     ```bash
     brew install openjdk@11
     ```

   - **Windows**:
     Download and install [AdoptOpenJDK](https://adoptopenjdk.net/) for Java 11.

   - **Linux**:
     Use your package manager to install OpenJDK 11. For example, on Ubuntu:

     ```bash
     sudo apt-get update
     sudo apt-get install openjdk-11-jdk
     ```

Now that you have the prerequisites in place, let's proceed with the tutorial.

## Creating Kubernetes ConfigMaps & Secrets

There are several ways to set environment variables for a Docker container in Kubernetes, including Dockerfile, kubernetes.yml, Kubernetes ConfigMaps, and Kubernetes Secrets. In this section, we'll explore how to use ConfigMaps and Secrets to manage your microservice's environment variables.

### ConfigMaps: Storing Non-Sensitive Data

ConfigMaps are perfect for storing non-sensitive configuration data that can be shared across multiple containers. They are Kubernetes API Objects that store non-confidential key-value pairs.

> **Step 1: Create a ConfigMap**

Reviewer 2: Use a Markdown heading here.

    ```  

  In this YAML definition:
   - `apiVersion` specifies the Kubernetes API version to use for the resource.
   - `kind` indicates the type of resource, which in this case is a ConfigMap.
   - `metadata` contains metadata about the ConfigMap, including its name, annotations, labels, and namespace.
   - `data` is where you define the key-value pairs that make up the content of the ConfigMap.

   The `annotations` section is used to attach non-identifying metadata to the resource. Labels are key-value pairs used for identifying and grouping resources, and the `namespace` field specifies the Kubernetes namespace where the ConfigMap will be created.

Here, we're creating a ConfigMap named `myapp-config` with a key-value pair: `app.name: MyApp`. This ConfigMap will serve as a centralized storage for your microservice's configuration data, making it easily accessible to your application. For more information regarding ConfigMaps, you can refer to official documentation [here](/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/configure-pod-configmap/).

### Secrets: Safeguarding Sensitive Information

Secrets are designed to securely manage confidential data like passwords and API keys.

> **Step 2: Create a Secret**

Reviewer 2: Use a Markdown heading here.

> In this step, you'll create a Kubernetes Secret to securely store sensitive data, such as passwords and API keys. You'll define the Secret using YAML format and ensure that sensitive information is base64-encoded for added security.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In this step, you'll create a Kubernetes Secret to securely store sensitive data, such as passwords and API keys. You'll define the Secret using a manifest in YAML format.
```
Add a note callout to make it clear that base64 provides essentially no extra security.

Here's how you can proceed:

1. Open a text editor of your choice.

2. Create a new file with a `.yaml` extension, for example, `myapp-secret.yaml`.

3. Copy and paste the following content into the `myapp-secret.yaml` file:

    ```yaml
    apiVersion: v1
    kind: Secret
    metadata:
      name: myapp-secret
    type: Opaque
    data:
      db.password: <base64-encoded-password>
      api.key: <base64-encoded-api-key>

>     ```

Reviewer 2: If possible, use a `code` shortcode: https://kubernetes.io/docs/contribute/style/hugo-shortcodes/#source-code-files. It's OK to encourage the reader to type it in themselves, but let them choose.

#### Differences

Here are the main differences between ConfigMaps and Secrets:

#### Purpose

- **ConfigMaps:** ConfigMaps are used to store non-sensitive configuration data that can be shared among containers. They are suitable for data like environment variables, application settings, and configuration files.

- **Secrets:** Secrets are specifically designed to store sensitive information, such as passwords, API keys, and authentication tokens. They focus on ensuring data security and protection.

#### Use Cases

- **ConfigMaps:** Ideal for storing data that is non-confidential and can be safely exposed to containers. Examples include application configuration settings and URLs.

- **Secrets:** Suited for storing confidential data that should not be exposed in plaintext. Examples include database passwords, API keys, and SSL certificates.

#### Access Control

- **ConfigMaps:** ConfigMaps are less secure compared to Secrets and may not be suitable for highly sensitive information.

- **Secrets:** Secrets provide a higher level of security through encryption and base64 encoding. They are recommended for sensitive data storage.

> For more detailed information on working with Secrets in Kubernetes, you can refer to the official Kubernetes documentation [here](/docs/concepts/configuration/secret/).

Reviewer 2: I'd omit this text.

### Externalizing Config from Code

> Externalized configuration is essential as settings often vary with different environments. To achieve this, we leverage Java's CDI and MicroProfile Config. The latter is a MicroProfile feature, offering open Java tools for building cloud-native microservices.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Externalized configuration is essential as settings often vary with different environments.
To achieve this, you;; make use of Java's CDI and MicroProfile Config mechanisms.
The latter is a MicroProfile feature, offering open Java tools for building cloud-native microservices.
```

> **Step 3: Add MicroProfile Config Dependency**

Reviewer 2: Use a Markdown heading here.

To integrate MicroProfile Config into your microservice project, you'll need to include the necessary dependency in your Maven `pom.xml` file. This dependency empowers your code to seamlessly utilize the capabilities of MicroProfile Config.

Here's how you can achieve this:

1. Open your project's `pom.xml` file.

2. Locate the `<dependencies>` section.

3. Add the following lines within the `<dependencies>` section:

    ```xml
    <dependency>
        <groupId>org.eclipse.microprofile.config</groupId>
        <artifactId>microprofile-config-api</artifactId>
        <version>3.1</version>
    </dependency>
    ```
    This addition includes the MicroProfile Config API library into your project. The MicroProfile Config API provides the necessary tools and annotations to access and manage configuration properties seamlessly.

With the MicroProfile Config dependency in place, your microservice is now equipped to dynamically access its configuration data based on the property names defined in your ConfigMaps and Secrets. The integration of Contexts and Dependency Injection (CDI) and MicroProfile Config enables your microservice to adapt to different environments effortlessly.

> **Step 4: Inject Configuration Properties**

Reviewer 2: Use a Markdown heading here.

## {{% heading "prerequisites" %}}

Before starting, make sure you have the following prerequisites:

1. **Basic understanding of Kubernetes concepts**

>    If you're new to Kubernetes, it's essential to familiarize yourself with its core concepts. You can get started by exploring the [Kubernetes Basics](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tutorials/kubernetes-basics/) tutorial.

Reviewer 3: We use site-relative links where feasible.
```suggestion
   If you're new to Kubernetes, it's essential to familiarize yourself with its core concepts. You can get started by exploring the [Kubernetes Basics](/docs/tutorials/kubernetes-basics/) tutorial.
```

Author: Hi @dipesh-rawat could you please guide me on how to commit to these suggestions? Should I commit directly using the "Commit Suggestion" button under your suggestion block or I have to make changes to local file and then commit again? It's my first PR and I don't know how to commit suggestion to PR.

Reviewer 3: @gavksingh You can either use the "Commit Suggestion" button right within the suggestion block, or if you prefer, you can make the changes to the local file on your system and then commit them. Both methods work fine, so feel free to choose the one that's more convenient for you. 
Also, see https://github.com/kubernetes/website/pull/42501#discussion_r1291173661 it might be useful.

Author: Hi @dipesh-rawat I'm making changes to the local file which you suggested. But after making the changes to url (/docs/tutorials/kubernetes-basics/) I'm getting this error screen while trying to open the link from my device.[screenshot](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1bJLS5d50Ob_hYQgku4nuCj_-1pyawvdl/view?usp=sharing). Should I commit changes?

Author: > You can look how the modifications in this PR are rendered in deploy preview page at [deploy-preview-42501-configure-java-microservice/configure-java-microservice/](https://deploy-preview-42501--kubernetes-io-main-staging.netlify.app/docs/tutorials/configuration/configure-java-microservice/configure-java-microservice/) and verify whether they are as rendered as expected or not. Also, can you please add the issue number that the pull request is addressing in [description](https://github.com/kubernetes/website/pull/42501#issue-1846479882), noted as "Fixes #issuenumber"?

I mentioned the issue number. Thanks for suggesting.

Reviewer 3: The browser takes the current domain and adds the relative path to it, effectively transforming a relative URL into an absolute one. To confirm these changes, you can try running the website on your local system (refer [README](https://github.com/kubernetes/website#readme)). This will help ensure everything is functioning as intended or you can verify from the [deploy preview](https://deploy-preview-42501--kubernetes-io-main-staging.netlify.app/docs/tutorials/configuration/configure-java-microservice/configure-java-microservice/) once you have committed the changes.

Author: [ScreenShot](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1rciC3GzPbRryDiZ_dszTwO-VZgJygdkj/view?usp=sharing) @dipesh-rawat could you please help me with this issue? I tried committing from my local device and somehow I got stuck at this issue? I tried [#42501(comment)](https://github.com/kubernetes/website/pull/42501#discussion_r1291173661) but somehow got stuck.

Author: Hi @dipesh-rawat I have made the changes that were asked. Could you please tell me what to do next?

2. **A running Kubernetes cluster**

   Set up a Kubernetes cluster according to your platform:

   - For **Mac** users, you can use [Docker Desktop](https://www.docker.com/products/docker-desktop) to run a Kubernetes cluster locally.

   - For **Windows** users, Docker Desktop also supports Kubernetes on Windows.

   - For **Linux** users, you can use [Minikube](https://minikube.sigs.k8s.io/docs/start/) or set up a Kubernetes cluster on a cloud provider like [Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE)](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine) or [Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (EKS)](https://aws.amazon.com/eks/).

3. **Java development environment set up on your local machine**

   Ensure you have Java installed. You can check by running `java -version` in your terminal. If not installed, follow these steps:

   - **Mac**:

>      ```bash

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion

     ```bash
```
Adding a blank line before this code block will display the following text in its regular format.

Author: @windsonsea Thanks for the suggestion. As this is my first PR so I'm not sure how to proceed further with the suggestion. Should I commit it directly? as there is option for "Commit suggestion" under your suggestion box or should I make changes to my branch repo again ? Could you please guide me?

Reviewer: Checkout the `updatedtutorial` branch on your local repo.
Revise the contents according to the suggestions.
Then `git commit --amend` to your own clone.
Github will refresh your PR automatically.

Author: @tengqm Thanks for the help. 
@windsonsea I have amended the suggestion. What to do next?

     brew install openjdk@11
     ```

   - **Windows**:
     Download and install [AdoptOpenJDK](https://adoptopenjdk.net/) for Java 11.

   - **Linux**:
     Use your package manager to install OpenJDK 11. For example, on Ubuntu:

>      ```bash

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion

     ```bash
```
Adding a blank line before this code block will display the following text in its regular format.

Author: @windsonsea made the suggested change.

   - For **Windows** users, Docker Desktop also supports Kubernetes on Windows.

   - For **Linux** users, you can use [Minikube](https://minikube.sigs.k8s.io/docs/start/) or set up a Kubernetes cluster on a cloud provider like [Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE)](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine) or [Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (EKS)](https://aws.amazon.com/eks/).

3. **Java development environment set up on your local machine**

   Ensure you have Java installed. You can check by running `java -version` in your terminal. If not installed, follow these steps:

   - **Mac**:

     ```bash
     brew install openjdk@11
     ```

   - **Windows**:
     Download and install [AdoptOpenJDK](https://adoptopenjdk.net/) for Java 11.

   - **Linux**:
     Use your package manager to install OpenJDK 11. For example, on Ubuntu:

     ```bash
     sudo apt-get update
     sudo apt-get install openjdk-11-jdk
     ```

Now that you have the prerequisites in place, let's proceed with the tutorial.

## Creating Kubernetes ConfigMaps & Secrets

There are several ways to set environment variables for a Docker container in Kubernetes,

> including: Dockerfile, kubernetes.yml, Kubernetes ConfigMaps, and Kubernetes Secrets.  In this section, we'll explore how to use ConfigMaps and Secrets to manage your microservice's environment variables.

Reviewer 5: Could we please adhere to the wrapping?

Additionally, if we're deleting the lines above, I'd like to see them included in the ConfigMags section below.

Author: Hi @divya-mohan0209, I saw that few of the code blocks were not wrapped properly so I made the changes. Please verify. And I have added information about deleted lines above in the ConfigMaps section below. Do check it again. And if there's anything which I missed about your suggestion please mention it.

### ConfigMaps: Storing Non-Sensitive Data

ConfigMaps are perfect for storing non-sensitive configuration data that can be shared across multiple containers.

**Step 1: Create a ConfigMap**

To get started, follow these steps:

1. Open a text editor of your choice.

2. Create a new file with a `.yaml` extension, for example, `myapp-configmap.yaml`.

3. Copy and paste the following content into the `myapp-configmap.yaml` file:

```yaml
apiVersion: v1
kind: ConfigMap
metadata:
  name: myapp-config
data:
  app.name: MyApp
  api.endpoint: https://api.example.com
```    

> ConfigMaps are API Objects that store non-confidential key-value pairs.  For more

Reviewer 5: This sentence feels misplaced and should come before the tutorial IMO. WDYT?

Author: Hi @divya-mohan0209, made the changes.

apiVersion: v1
kind: ConfigMap
metadata:
  name: myapp-config
data:
  app.name: MyApp
  api.endpoint: https://api.example.com
```    
ConfigMaps are API Objects that store non-confidential key-value pairs.  For more
information regarding ConfigMaps, you can find the documentation
[here](/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/configure-pod-configmap/).

> Although Secrets are also used to store key-value pairs, they differ from ConfigMaps in that

Reviewer 5: This should make its way into the section below.

Author: Made a different heading related to the topic and elaborated on it too. Do check it again. Thank you @divya-mohan0209

Author: Hi @divya-mohan0209,
Just a gentle reminder to check for the changes which you suggested. 
Thanks!
